Info: Allocated memory for packet descriptor contents
Info: Constructing network device...
Info: Constructed network device.
Info: Initialising network driver...
Info: built 36 descriptors (of length 64) from 2304 bytes of memory
Info: Initialised network driver.
Info: Constructing fake applications...
Info: Constructed fake applications.
Info: receiver for application 1 is running.
Info: sender for application 2 is running.
Info: receiver for application 2 is running.
Info: sender for application 3 is running.
Info: receiver for application 3 is running.
Info: sender for application 1 is running.
Info: sender for application 4 is running.
Info: receiver for application 4 is running.
Info: sender for application 5 is running.
Info: receiver for application 5 is running.
Info: sender for application 6 is running.
Info: receiver for application 0 is running.
Info: receiver for application 6 is running.
Info: sender for application 7 is running.
Info: receiver for application 7 is running.
Info: sender for application 8 is running.
Info: receiver for application 8 is running.
Info: sender for application 9 is running.
Info: receiver for application 9 is running.
Info: sender for application 10 is running.
Info: sender for application 0 is running.
Info: receiver for application 10 is running.
[Device> Info: network device ready, pausing prior to input...
Info: application 1 has acquired a packet descriptor.
Info: application 1 is sending a packet descriptor.
Info: application 1 has sent a packet descriptor (blocking).
Info: application 8 has acquired a packet descriptor.
Info: application 8 is sending a packet descriptor.
Info: application 8 has sent a packet descriptor (blocking).
Info: application 9 has acquired a packet descriptor.
Info: application 9 is sending a packet descriptor.
Info: application 9 has sent a packet descriptor (nonblocking).
[Driver]: Sending packet with pid: 1
[Device> packet successfully sent.
[Driver]: Sent packet with pid 1 after 1 attempts.
[Driver]: returned packet descriptor descriptor to FPDS.
[Driver]: Sending packet with pid: 8
Info: application 2 has acquired a packet descriptor.
Info: application 2 is sending a packet descriptor.
Info: application 2 has sent a packet descriptor (nonblocking).
Info: application 3 has acquired a packet descriptor.
Info: application 3 is sending a packet descriptor.
Info: application 3 has sent a packet descriptor (blocking).
Info: application 4 has acquired a packet descriptor.
Info: application 4 is sending a packet descriptor.
Info: application 4 has sent a packet descriptor (blocking).
Info: application 6 has acquired a packet descriptor.
Info: application 6 is sending a packet descriptor.
Info: application 6 has sent a packet descriptor (nonblocking).
Info: application 7 has acquired a packet descriptor.
Info: application 7 is sending a packet descriptor.
Info: application 7 has sent a packet descriptor (nonblocking).
Info: application 10 has acquired a packet descriptor.
Info: application 10 is sending a packet descriptor.
Info: application 10 has sent a packet descriptor (blocking).
Info: application 9 has acquired a packet descriptor.
Info: application 9 is sending a packet descriptor.
Info: application 9 has sent a packet descriptor (blocking).
[Device> packet successfully sent.
[Driver]: Sent packet with pid 8 after 1 attempts.
[Driver]: returned packet descriptor descriptor to FPDS.
[Driver]: Sending packet with pid: 9
Info: application 5 has acquired a packet descriptor.
Info: application 5 is sending a packet descriptor.
Info: application 5 has sent a packet descriptor (nonblocking).
Info: application 0 has acquired a packet descriptor.
Info: application 0 is sending a packet descriptor.
Info: application 0 has sent a packet descriptor (blocking).
Info: application 4 has acquired a packet descriptor.
Info: application 4 is sending a packet descriptor.
Info: application 4 has sent a packet descriptor (nonblocking).
Info: application 9 has acquired a packet descriptor.
Info: application 9 is sending a packet descriptor.
Info: application 9 failed 